README.rst, before:

=================
pybullet_planning
=================

.. start-badges

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/pybullet-planning/badge/?version=latest
    :target: https://pybullet-planning.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
    :alt: Documentation Status


.. image:: https://travis-ci.com/yijiangh/pybullet_planning.svg?branch=dev
    :target: https://travis-ci.com/yijiangh/pybullet_planning
    :alt: Travis CI


.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/yijiangh/pybullet_planning/badge.svg?branch=dev
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/yijiangh/pybullet_planning?branch=dev
    :alt: Coveralls


.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg
    :target: https://github.com/yijiangh/pybullet_planning/blob/dev/LICENSE
    :alt: License MIT

.. end-badges

.. Write project description

**pybullet_planning** is a suite of utility functions to facilitate robotic planning related research on
the `pybullet <https://github.com/bulletphysics/bullet3>`_ physics simulation engine.
Planning research made easy.


Main features
-------------

* easy-to-use functions to connect with pybullet, tailored for task and motion planning research
* built-in implementations of standard motion planners, including PRM, RRT, biRRT, A* etc.


Getting Started
---------------

**pybullet_planning** can be installed using ``pip``:

::

    pip install pybullet_planning


.. note::

    On Windows, you may need to install
    `Microsoft Visual C++ 14.0 <https://www.scivision.co/python-windows-visual-c++-14-required/>`_,
    if pybullet installation fails.


Once the installation is completed, you can verify your setup.
Start Python from the command prompt and run the following:

::

    >>> import pybullet_planning as pp


First Steps
---------------

* `Documentation <https://pybullet-planning.readthedocs.io>`_

Contributing
------------

Check the `Contributor's Guide <./CONTRIBUTING.rst>`_ for more details.

PyBullet Resources
-------------------

* Github - https://github.com/bulletphysics/bullet3
* Quickstart - https://docs.google.com/document/d/10sXEhzFRSnvFcl3XxNGhnD4N2SedqwdAvK3dsihxVUA/
* Forum - https://pybullet.org/Bullet/phpBB3/
* Wordpress - https://pybullet.org/wordpress/
* Examples - https://github.com/bulletphysics/bullet3/tree/master/examples/pybullet/examples
* Bindings - https://github.com/bulletphysics/bullet3/blob/master/examples/pybullet/pybullet.c
* Predecessors - `pybullet-planning`_, `motion-planners`_.

Credits
-------------

    Caelan Reed Garrett. PyBullet Planning. https://pypi.org/project/pybullet-planning/. 2020.

This package was initiated and maintained by Caelan Garrett `@caelan <https://github.com/caelan>`_
and other `contributors <https://github.com/yijiangh/pybullet_planning/blob/dev/AUTHORS.rst>`_.

History
-------------

This repo is a stable and documented fork of Caelan's `pybullet-planning`_
(previously called `ss-pybullet`) and `motion-planners`_.
New features will continue to be introduced first through these separate repos, and integrated into the current package later.

.. _pybullet-planning: https://github.com/caelan/pybullet-planning
.. _motion-planners: https://github.com/caelan/motion-planners

Commit message:

add diverse, meta to motion planners

README.rst, after:

=================
pybullet_planning
=================

.. start-badges

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/pybullet-planning/badge/?version=latest
    :target: https://pybullet-planning.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
    :alt: Documentation Status


.. image:: https://travis-ci.com/yijiangh/pybullet_planning.svg?branch=dev
    :target: https://travis-ci.com/yijiangh/pybullet_planning
    :alt: Travis CI


.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/yijiangh/pybullet_planning/badge.svg?branch=dev
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/yijiangh/pybullet_planning?branch=dev
    :alt: Coveralls


.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg
    :target: https://github.com/yijiangh/pybullet_planning/blob/dev/LICENSE
    :alt: License MIT

.. end-badges

.. Write project description

**pybullet_planning** is a suite of utility functions to facilitate robotic planning related research on
the `pybullet <https://github.com/bulletphysics/bullet3>`_ physics simulation engine.
Planning research made easy.


Main features
-------------

* easy-to-use functions to connect with pybullet, tailored for task and motion planning research
* built-in implementations of standard motion planners, including PRM, RRT, biRRT, A* etc.


Getting Started
---------------

**pybullet_planning** can be installed using ``pip``:

::

    pip install pybullet_planning


.. note::

    On Windows, you may need to install `Microsoft Visual C++ 14.0 <https://www.scivision.co/python-windows-visual-c++-14-required/>`_, if pybullet installation fails.


Once the installation is completed, you can verify your setup.
Start Python from the command prompt and run the following:

::

    >>> import pybullet_planning as pp


First Steps
---------------

* `Documentation <https://pybullet-planning.readthedocs.io>`_

Examples can be found at the `unit tests <https://github.com/yijiangh/pybullet_planning/tree/dev/tests>`_.
You will be need to install ``pytest`` to run these tests (``pip install pytest``).

Then, individual tests can be run by using their `pytest markers <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/example/markers.html>`_ by:

::

    pytest -s -m collision_fn --viewer
    pytest -s -m motion_planning_2D --viewer

Additional pytest-free examples can be found at `pybullet_planning_tutorials <https://github.com/yijiangh/pybullet_planning_tutorials>`_.

Contributing
------------

Check the `Contributor's Guide <./CONTRIBUTING.rst>`_ for more details.

PyBullet Resources
-------------------

* Github - https://github.com/bulletphysics/bullet3
* Quickstart - https://docs.google.com/document/d/10sXEhzFRSnvFcl3XxNGhnD4N2SedqwdAvK3dsihxVUA/
* Forum - https://pybullet.org/Bullet/phpBB3/
* Wordpress - https://pybullet.org/wordpress/
* Examples - https://github.com/bulletphysics/bullet3/tree/master/examples/pybullet/examples
* Bindings - https://github.com/bulletphysics/bullet3/blob/master/examples/pybullet/pybullet.c
* Predecessors - `pybullet-planning`_, `motion-planners`_.

Credits
-------------

    Caelan Reed Garrett. PyBullet Planning. https://pypi.org/project/pybullet-planning/. 2020.

This package was initiated and maintained by Caelan Garrett `@caelan <https://github.com/caelan>`_
and other `contributors <https://github.com/yijiangh/pybullet_planning/blob/dev/AUTHORS.rst>`_.

History
-------------

This repo is a stable and documented fork of Caelan's `pybullet-planning`_
(previously called `ss-pybullet`) and `motion-planners`_.
New features will continue to be introduced first through these separate repos, and integrated into the current package later.

.. _pybullet-planning: https://github.com/caelan/pybullet-planning
.. _motion-planners: https://github.com/caelan/motion-planners
